Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one’s courage.
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why.
Life is about making an impact, not making an income.
The greatest pleasure of life is love.
Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship.
Life is a flower of which love is the honey.
You must not lose faith in humanity. Humanity is an ocean; if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty.
All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make, the better.
Here’s to the crazy ones, the misfits, the rebels, the troublemakers, the round pegs in the square holes … the ones who see things differently — they’re not fond of rules … You can quote them, disagree with them, glorify or vilify them, but the only thing you can’t do is ignore them because they change things … They push the human race forward, and while some may see them as the crazy ones, we see genius
It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. They went out and happened to things.
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
Life is a dream for the wise, a game for the fool, a comedy for the rich, a tragedy for the poor.
If you love life, don’t waste time, for time is what life is made up of.
When one door closes, another opens; but we often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door that we do not see the one that has opened for us.
Happiness is the feeling that power increases — that resistance is being overcome.
The more man mediates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large.
Happiness is like a butterfly; the more you chase it, the more it will elude you, but if you turn your attention to other things, it will come and sit softly on your shoulder.
When it is obvious that goals can’t be reached, don’t adjust the goals, but adjust the action steps.
I don’t believe in happy endings, but I do believe in happy travels, because ultimately, you die at a very young age, or you live long enough to watch your friends die. It’s a mean thing, life.
Life’s tough, but it’s tougher when you’re stupid.
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life — think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success.
I guess it comes down to a simple choice, really. Get busy living or get busy dying.
When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too.
In the long run, the sharpest weapon of all is a kind and gentle spirit.
Be where you are; otherwise you will miss your life.
As my knowledge of things grew I felt more and more the delight of the world I was in.
All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make, the better.
You must not lose faith in humanity. Humanity is an ocean; if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty.
Sometimes you can’t see yourself clearly until you see yourself through the eyes of others.
It takes 20 years to build a reputation and five minutes to ruin it. If you think about that, you’ll do things differently.
If you’re not stubborn, you’ll give up on experiments too soon. And if you’re not flexible, you’ll pound your head against the wall and you won’t see a different solution to a problem you’re trying to solve.
It is our choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.
You can talk with someone for years, everyday, and still, it won't mean as much as what you can have when you sit in front of someone, not saying a word, yet you feel that person with your heart, you feel like you have known the person for forever.... connections are made with the heart, not the tongue.
I have no special talents. I am only passionately curious
Attitude is a choice. Happiness is a choice. Optimism is a choice. Kindness is a choice. Giving is a choice. Respect is a choice. Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.
Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create.
Don't be afraid of your fears. They're not there to scare you. They're there to let you know that something is worth it.
Take responsibility of your own happiness, never put it in other people’s hands.
We have to allow ourselves to be loved by the people who really love us, the people who really matter. Too much of the time, we are blinded by our own pursuits of people to love us, people that don't even matter, while all that time we waste and the people who do love us have to stand on the sidewalk and watch us beg in the streets! It's time to put an end to this. It's time for us to let ourselves be loved.
Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular.
Accept yourself, love yourself, and keep moving forward. If you want to fly, you have to give up what weighs you down
Live the Life of Your Dreams: Be brave enough to live the life of your dreams according to your vision and purpose instead of the expectations and opinions of others.
Maybe you can afford to wait. Maybe for you there's a tomorrow. Maybe for you there's one thousand tomorrows, or three thousand, or ten, so much time you can bathe in it, roll around it, let it slide like coins through you fingers. So much time you can waste it. But for some of us there's only today. And the truth is, you never really know.
Even if you cannot change all the people around you, you can change the people you choose to be around. Life is too short to waste your time on people who don’t respect, appreciate, and value you. Spend your life with people who make you smile, laugh, and feel loved.
Do one thing every day that scares you.
Sometimes you wake up. Sometimes the fall kills you. And sometimes, when you fall, you fly.
Hold fast to dreams,For if dreams die, Life is a broken-winged bird,That cannot fly.
Courage is the most important of all the virtues because without courage, you can't practice any other virtue consistently.
Attitude is a choice. Happiness is a choice. Optimism is a choice. Kindness is a choice. Giving is a choice. Respect is a choice. Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.
It's not the load that breaks you down, it's the way you carry it.
Life is too short to waste your time on people who don’t respect, appreciate, and value you.
You have power over your mind - not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength
I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.
Insanity is doing the same thing, over and over again, but expecting different results.
It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not.
It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle
Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.
Everything you can imagine is real.
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.
Things change. And friends leave. Life doesn't stop for anybody.
When someone loves you, the way they talk about you is different. You feel safe and comfortable.
I'm the one that's got to die when it's time for me to die, so let me live my life the way I want to.
I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.
A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you.
A friend in need is a friend indeed
Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that.
We accept the love we think we deserve.
Only once in your life, I truly believe, you find someone who can completely turn your world around. You tell them things that you’ve never shared with another soul and they absorb everything you say and actually want to hear more. You share hopes for the future, dreams that will never come true, goals that were never achieved and the many disappointments life has thrown at you. When something wonderful happens, you can’t wait to tell them about it, knowing they will share in your excitement. They are not embarrassed to cry with you when you are hurting or laugh with you when you make a fool of yourself. Never do they hurt your feelings or make you feel like you are not good enough, but rather they build you up and show you the things about yourself that make you special and even beautiful. There is never any pressure, jealousy or competition but only a quiet calmness when they are around. You can be yourself and not worry about what they will think of you because they love you for who you are. The things that seem insignificant to most people such as a note, song or walk become invaluable treasures kept safe in your heart to cherish forever. Memories of your childhood come back and are so clear and vivid it’s like being young again. Colours seem brighter and more brilliant. Laughter seems part of daily life where before it was infrequent or didn’t exist at all. A phone call or two during the day helps to get you through a long day’s work and always brings a smile to your face. In their presence, there’s no need for continuous conversation, but you find you’re quite content in just having them nearby. Things that never interested you before become fascinating because you know they are important to this person who is so special to you. You think of this person on every occasion and in everything you do. Simple things bring them to mind like a pale blue sky, gentle wind or even a storm cloud on the horizon. You open your heart knowing that there’s a chance it may be broken one day and in opening your heart, you experience a love and joy that you never dreamed possible. You find that being vulnerable is the only way to allow your heart to feel true pleasure that’s so real it scares you. You find strength in knowing you have a true friend and possibly a soul mate who will remain loyal to the end. Life seems completely different, exciting and worthwhile. Your only hope and security is in knowing that they are a part of your life.
As he read, I fell in love the way you fall asleep: slowly, and then all at once.
It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
Have you ever been in love? Horrible isn't it? It makes you so vulnerable. It opens your chest and it opens up your heart and it means that someone can get inside you and mess you up.
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.
This life is what you make it. No matter what, you're going to mess up sometimes, it's a universal truth. But the good part is you get to decide how you're going to mess it up. Girls will be your friends - they'll act like it anyway. But just remember, some come, some go. The ones that stay with you through everything - they're your true best friends. Don't let go of them. Also remember, sisters make the best friends in the world. As for lovers, well, they'll come and go too. And baby, I hate to say it, most of them - actually pretty much all of them are going to break your heart, but you can't give up because if you give up, you'll never find your soulmate. You'll never find that half who makes you whole and that goes for everything. Just because you fail once, doesn't mean you're gonna fail at everything. Keep trying, hold on, and always, always, always believe in yourself, because if you don't, then who will, sweetie? So keep your head high, keep your chin up, and most importantly, keep smiling, because life's a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about.
There is never a time or place for true love. It happens accidentally, in a heartbeat, in a single flashing, throbbing moment.
Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.
You may not be her first, her last, or her only. She loved before she may love again. But if she loves you now, what else matters? She's not perfect—you aren't either, and the two of you may never be perfect together but if she can make you laugh, cause you to think twice, and admit to being human and making mistakes, hold onto her and give her the most you can. She may not be thinking about you every second of the day, but she will give you a part of her that she knows you can break—her heart. So don't hurt her, don't change her, don't analyze and don't expect more than she can give. Smile when she makes you happy, let her know when she makes you mad, and miss her when she's not there.
I am nothing special, of this I am sure. I am a common man with common thoughts and I've led a common life. There are no monuments dedicated to me and my name will soon be forgotten, but I've loved another with all my heart and soul, and to me, this has always been enough.
Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind, And therefore is winged Cupid painted blind.
A true soul mate is probably the most important person you'll ever meet, because they tear down your walls and smack you awake. But to live with a soul mate forever? Nah. Too painful. Soul mates, they come into your life just to reveal another layer of yourself to you, and then leave.
A soul mates purpose is to shake you up, tear apart your ego a little bit, show you your obstacles and addictions, break your heart open so new light can get in, make you so desperate and out of control that you have to transform your life, then introduce you to your spiritual master.
You don't love someone because they're perfect, you love them in spite of the fact that they're not.
If you can make a woman laugh, you can make her do anything.
There is nothing I would not do for those who are really my friends. I have no notion of loving people by halves, it is not my nature
Love never dies a natural death. It dies because we don't know how to replenish its source. It dies of blindness and errors and betrayals. It dies of illness and wounds; it dies of weariness, of witherings, of tarnishings.
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
You've gotta dance like there's nobody watching,
Love like you'll never be hurt,Sing like there's nobody listening,And live like it's heaven on earth.
Be the change that you wish to see in the world.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.
Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that.
Without music, life would be a mistake.
We accept the love we think we deserve.
Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.
Fairy tales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten.
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God, which is why we call it the present.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. The opposite of art is not ugliness, it's indifference. The opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference. And the opposite of life is not death, it's indifference.
I am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination. Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world.
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. You're on your own. And you know what you know. And YOU are the one who'll decide where to go.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
This life is what you make it. No matter what, you're going to mess up sometimes, it's a universal truth. But the good part is you get to decide how you're going to mess it up. Girls will be your friends - they'll act like it anyway. But just remember, some come, some go. The ones that stay with you through everything - they're your true best friends. Don't let go of them. Also remember, sisters make the best friends in the world. As for lovers, well, they'll come and go too. And baby, I hate to say it, most of them - actually pretty much all of them are going to break your heart, but you can't give up because if you give up, you'll never find your soulmate. You'll never find that half who makes you whole and that goes for everything. Just because you fail once, doesn't mean you're gonna fail at everything. Keep trying, hold on, and always, always, always believe in yourself, because if you don't, then who will, sweetie? So keep your head high, keep your chin up, and most importantly, keep smiling, because life's a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about.
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you.
Everything you can imagine is real.
You can never get a cup of tea large enough or a book long enough to suit me.
To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
So, this is my life. And I want you to know that I am both happy and sad and I'm still trying to figure out how that could be.
You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us. And the world will live as one.
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe.
So many books, so little time.
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
Insanity is doing the same thing, over and over again, but expecting different results.
The person, be it gentleman or lady, who has not pleasure in a good novel, must be intolerably stupid.
Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read.
A day without sunshine is like, you know, night.
Never put off till tomorrow what may be done day after tomorrow just as well.
I love deadlines. I love the whooshing noise they make as they go by.
Anyone who thinks sitting in church can make you a Christian must also think that sitting in a garage can make you a car.
Women and cats will do as they please, and men and dogs should relax and get used to the idea
All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder and it may be necessary from time to time to give a stupid or misinformed beholder a black eye.
I'm not afraid of death; I just don't want to be there when it happens
Whenever I feel the need to exercise, I lie down until it goes away.
I find television very educating. Every time somebody turns on the set, I go into the other room and read a book.
Some people never go crazy. What truly horrible lives they must lead.
The trouble with having an open mind, of course, is that people will insist on coming along and trying to put things in it.
Reality continues to ruin my life.
The reason I talk to myself is because I’m the only one whose answers I accept.
Go to heaven for the climate and hell for the company.
I love mankind ... it's people I can't stand!!
I am free of all prejudice. I hate everyone equally. 
Remember, we're madly in love, so it's all right to kiss me anytime you feel like it.
A lady's imagination is very rapid; it jumps from admiration to love, from love to matrimony in a moment.
It’s no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then.
Be nice to nerds. You may end up working for them. We all could.
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe.
Go to heaven for the climate and hell for the company.
A day without laughter is a day wasted
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed, citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has.
You talk when you cease to be at peace with your thoughts.
May you live every day of your life.
Man is the only creature who refuses to be what he is.
We have to dare to be ourselves, however frightening or strange that self may prove to be.
One, remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Two, never give up work. Work gives you meaning and purpose and life is empty without it. Three, if you are lucky enough to find love, remember it is there and don't throw it away.
If a cluttered desk is a sign of a cluttered mind, of what, then, is an empty desk a sign?
It is hard enough to remember my opinions, without also remembering my reasons for them!
There is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so.
A human being is a part of the whole called by us universe, a part limited in time and space. He experiences himself, his thoughts and feeling as something separated from the rest, a kind of optical delusion of his consciousness. This delusion is a kind of prison for us, restricting us to our personal desires and to affection for a few persons nearest to us. Our task must be to free ourselves from this prison by widening our circle of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature in its beauty.
Wise men speak because they have something to say; fools because they have to say something.
You do not write your life with words...You write it with actions. What you think is not important. It is only important what you do.
Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do.
Without deviation from the norm, progress is not possible.
Think left and think right and think low and think high. Oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try!
There may be times when we are powerless to prevent injustice, but there must never be a time when we fail to protest.
Do not fear to be eccentric in opinion, for every opinion now accepted was once eccentric.
The most beautiful experience we can have is the mysterious. It is the fundamental emotion that stands at the cradle of true art and true science.
A woman has to live her life, or live to repent not having lived it.
Fantasy is escapist, and that is its glory. If a soldier is imprisioned by the enemy, don't we consider it his duty to escape?. . .If we value the freedom of mind and soul, if we're partisans of liberty, then it's our plain duty to escape, and to take as many people with us as we can!
If we find ourselves with a desire that nothing in this world can satisfy, the most probable explanation is that we were made for another world.
All God does is watch us and kill us when we get boring. We must never, ever be boring
When his life was ruined, his family killed, his farm destroyed, Job knelt down on the ground and yelled up to the heavens, "Why god? Why me?" and the thundering voice of God answered, There's just something about you that pisses me off.
Prayer is not asking. It is a longing of the soul. It is daily admission of one's weakness. It is better in prayer to have a heart without words than words without a heart.
I think God, in creating man, somewhat overestimated his ability.
To be a Christian means to forgive the inexcusable because God has forgiven the inexcusable in you.
And now these three remain: faith, hope and love. But the greatest of these is love.
God has no religion.
We are not necessarily doubting that God will do the best for us; we are wondering how painful the best will turn out to be.
God will not look you over for medals, degrees or diplomas but for scars.
The most wasted of all days is one without laughter.
A man can no more diminish God's glory by refusing to worship Him than a lunatic can put out the sun by scribbling the word 'darkness' on the walls of his cell.
Never be afraid to trust an unknown future to a known God.
The function of prayer is not to influence God, but rather to change the nature of the one who prays.
I am trying here to prevent anyone saying the really foolish thing that people often say about Him: I’m ready to accept Jesus as a great moral teacher, but I don’t accept his claim to be God. That is the one thing we must not say. A man who was merely a man and said the sort of things Jesus said would not be a great moral teacher. He would either be a lunatic — on the level with the man who says he is a poached egg — or else he would be the Devil of Hell. You must make your choice. Either this man was, and is, the Son of God, or else a madman or something worse. You can shut him up for a fool, you can spit at him and kill him as a demon or you can fall at his feet and call him Lord and God, but let us not come with any patronizing nonsense about his being a great human teacher. He has not left that open to us. He did not intend to.
Pain insists upon being attended to. God whispers to us in our pleasures, speaks in our consciences, but shouts in our pains. It is his megaphone to rouse a deaf world.
If you want to know what God thinks of money, just look at the people he gave it to.
Owners of dogs will have noticed that, if you provide them with food and water and shelter and affection, they will think you are god. Whereas owners of cats are compelled to realize that, if you provide them with food and water and shelter and affection, they draw the conclusion that they are gods.
I have faith that God will show you the answer. But you have to understand that sometimes it takes a while to be able to recognize what God wants you to do. That's how it often is. God's voice is usually nothing more than a whisper, and you have to listen very carefully to hear it. But other times, in those rarest of moments, the answer is obvious and rings as loud as a church bell.
I shall not fear anyone on Earth.
I shall fear only God.
I shall not bear ill will toward anyone.
I shall conquer untruth by truth. And in resisting untruth, I shall put up with all suffering.
He died not for men, but for each man. If each man had been the only man made, He would have done no less.
I believe in God, but not as one thing, not as an old man in the sky. I believe that what people call God is something in all of us. I believe that what Jesus and Mohammed and Buddha and all the rest said was right. It's just that the translations have gone wrong.
God does not play dice with the universe; He plays an ineffable game of His own devising, which might be compared, from the perspective of any of the other players [i.e. everybody], to being involved in an obscure and complex variant of poker in a pitch-dark room, with blank cards, for infinite stakes, with a Dealer who won't tell you the rules, and who smiles all the time.
Parents are like God because you wanna know they're out there, and you want them to think well of you, but you really only call when you need something.
I talk to God but the sky is empty
I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.
The reason I talk to myself is because I’m the only one whose answers I accept.
When someone loves you, the way they talk about you is different. You feel safe and comfortable.
The truth." Dumbledore sighed. "It is a beautiful and terrible thing, and should therefore be treated with great caution.
The truth is rarely pure and never simple.
A lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes.
Never tell the truth to people who are not worthy of it.
The truth will set you free, but first it will piss you off.
When I despair, I remember that all through history the way of truth and love have always won. There have been tyrants and murderers, and for a time, they can seem invincible, but in the end, they always fall. Think of it--always.
Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
I am not pretty. I am not beautiful. I am as radiant as the sun.
Above all, don't lie to yourself. The man who lies to himself and listens to his own lie comes to a point that he cannot distinguish the truth within him, or around him, and so loses all respect for himself and for others. And having no respect he ceases to love.
I believe in everything until it's disproved. So I believe in fairies, the myths, dragons. It all exists, even if it's in your mind. Who's to say that dreams and nightmares aren't as real as the here and now?
In a time of deceit telling the truth is a revolutionary act.
Here's all you have to know about men and women: women are crazy, men are stupid. And the main reason women are crazy is that men are stupid.
Man is least himself when he talks in his own person. Give him a mask, and he will tell you the truth.
A thing is not necessarily true because a man dies for it.
The unexamined life is not worth living.
Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing had happened.
Books are mirrors: you only see in them what you already have inside you.
Never be afraid to raise your voice for honesty and truth and compassion against injustice and lying and greed. If people all over the world...would do this, it would change the earth.
I lie to myself all the time. But I never believe me.
Truth is stranger than fiction, but it is because Fiction is obliged to stick to possibilities; Truth isn't.
The truth does not change according to our ability to stomach it.
The truth is, unless you let go, unless you forgive yourself, unless you forgive the situation, unless you realize that the situation is over, you cannot move forward.
Tell the truth, or someone will tell it for you.
The things you do for yourself are gone when you are gone, but the things you do for others remain as your legacy.
Rather than love, than money, than fame, give me truth.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
It is better to remain silent at the risk of being thought a fool, than to talk and remove all doubt of it.
The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to reform (or pause and reflect).
When someone loves you, the way they talk about you is different. You feel safe and comfortable.
Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom.
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.
Count your age by friends, not years. Count your life by smiles, not tears.
In a good bookroom you feel in some mysterious way that you are absorbing the wisdom contained in all the books through your skin, without even opening them.
May you live every day of your life.
Never laugh at live dragons.
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
The secret of life, though, is to fall seven times and to get up eight times.
Any fool can know. The point is to understand.
There is neither happiness nor misery in the world; there is only the comparison of one state with another, nothing more. He who has felt the deepest grief is best able to experience supreme happiness. We must have felt what it is to die, Morrel, that we may appreciate the enjoyments of life.
" Live, then, and be happy, beloved children of my heart, and never forget, that until the day God will deign to reveal the future to man, all human wisdom is contained in these two words, 'Wait and Hope.
The best index to a person's character is how he treats people who can't do him any good, and how he treats people who can't fight back.
Think before you speak. Read before you think.
Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what is right.
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
The unexamined life is not worth living.
The simple things are also the most extraordinary things, and only the wise can see them.
There are three things all wise men fear: the sea in storm, a night with no moon, and the anger of a gentle man.
By three methods we may learn wisdom: First, by reflection, which is noblest; Second, by imitation, which is easiest; and third by experience, which is the bitterest.
It's a dangerous business, Frodo, going out your door. You step onto the road, and if you don't keep your feet, there's no knowing where you might be swept off to.
Angry people are not always wise
You do not write your life with words...You write it with actions. What you think is not important. It is only important what you do.
Let no man pull you so low as to hate him.
I must not fear. Fear is the mind-killer. Fear is the little-death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear. I will permit it to pass over me and through me. And when it has gone past I will turn the inner eye to see its path. Where the fear has gone there will be nothing. Only I will remain.
Attitude is a choice. Happiness is a choice. Optimism is a choice. Kindness is a choice. Giving is a choice. Respect is a choice. Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.
Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.
The truth is, unless you let go, unless you forgive yourself, unless you forgive the situation, unless you realize that the situation is over, you cannot move forward.
It’s only after you’ve stepped outside your comfort zone that you begin to change, grow, and transform.
Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular.
Live the Life of Your Dreams: Be brave enough to live the life of your dreams according to your vision and purpose instead of the expectations and opinions of others.
Be grateful for what you already have while you pursue your goals.
If you aren’t grateful for what you already have, what makes you think you would be happy with more.
Letting go means to come to the realization that some people are a part of your history, but not a part of your destiny.
Pursue what catches your heart, not what catches your eyes.
Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine.
Life is about accepting the challenges along the way, choosing to keep moving forward, and savoring the journey.
Start each day with a positive thought and a grateful heart.
Lack of direction, not lack of time, is the problem. We all have twenty-four hour days.
Be brave to stand for what you believe in even if you stand alone.
Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.
Everything can be taken from a man but one thing: the last of the human freedoms—to choose one’s attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one’s own way.
Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.
Cry. Forgive. Learn. Move on. Let your tears water the seeds of your future happiness.
Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever.
You never change your life until you step out of your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.
Do not let the memories of your past limit the potential of your future. There are no limits to what you can achieve on your journey through life, except in your mind.
Incredible change happens in your life when you decide to take control of what you do have power over instead of craving control over what you don't.
Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.
Let the improvement of yourself keep you so busy that you have no time to criticize others.
The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.
The only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them into the impossible.
Surround Yourself with People Who Believe in Your Dreams
Surround yourself with people who believe in your dreams, encourage your ideas, support your ambitions, and bring out the best in you.
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.
Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.
Folks are usually about as happy as they make their minds up to be.
Time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time.
It's so hard to forget pain, but it's even harder to remember sweetness. We have no scar to show for happiness. We learn so little from peace.
Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know.
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life.
There's nothing like deep breaths after laughing that hard. Nothing in the world like a sore stomach for the right reasons.
Every man has his secret sorrows which the world knows not; and often times we call a man cold when he is only sad.
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.
Count your age by friends, not years. Count your life by smiles, not tears.
If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world.
They say a person needs just three things to be truly happy in this world: someone to love, something to do, and something to hope for.
The most important thing is to enjoy your life—to be happy—it's all that matters.
Happiness is a warm puppy.
Attitude is a choice. Happiness is a choice. Optimism is a choice. Kindness is a choice. Giving is a choice. Respect is a choice. Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.
It isn't what you have or who you are or where you are or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy. It is what you think about it.
No medicine cures what happiness cannot
Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city.
Let us be grateful to the people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.
The only way to find true happiness is to risk being completely cut open.
You can't be happy unless you're unhappy sometimes
Take responsibility of your own happiness, never put it in other people’s hands.
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God, which is why we call it the present.
Listen to the mustn'ts, child. Listen to the don'ts. Listen to the shouldn'ts, the impossibles, the won'ts. Listen to the never haves, then listen close to me... Anything can happen, child. Anything can be.
You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us. And the world will live as one.
When we love, we always strive to become better than we are. When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too.
Hold fast to dreams,For if dreams die Life is a broken-winged bird, That cannot fly.
I like the night. Without the dark, we'd never see the stars.
It's really a wonder that I haven't dropped all my ideals, because they seem so absurd and impossible to carry out. Yet I keep them, because in spite of everything, I still believe that people are really good at heart.
I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge. That myth is more potent than history. That dreams are more powerful than facts. That hope always triumphs over experience. That laughter is the only cure for grief. And I believe that love is stronger than death.
They say a person needs just three things to be truly happy in this world: someone to love, something to do, and something to hope for.
There is neither happiness nor misery in the world; there is only the comparison of one state with another, nothing more. He who has felt the deepest grief is best able to experience supreme happiness. We must have felt what it is to die, Morrel, that we may appreciate the enjoyments of life.
" Live, then, and be happy, beloved children of my heart, and never forget, that until the day God will deign to reveal the future to man, all human wisdom is contained in these two words, 'Wait and Hope.
The world is indeed full of peril, and in it there are many dark places; but still there is much that is fair, and though in all lands love is now mingled with grief, it grows perhaps the greater.
You cannot swim for new horizons until you have courage to lose sight of the shore.
And now these three remain: faith, hope and love. But the greatest of these is love.
Life's under no obligation to give us what we expect.
But I know, somehow, that only when it is dark enough can you see the stars.
If pain must come, may it come quickly. Because I have a life to live, and I need to live it in the best way possible. If he has to make a choice, may he make it now. Then I will either wait for him or forget him.
Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.
The things you do for yourself are gone when you are gone, but the things you do for others remain as your legacy.
The very least you can do in your life is figure out what you hope for. And the most you can do is live inside that hope. Not admire it from a distance but live right in it, under its roof.
Maybe everyone can live beyond what they're capable of.
It's amazing how a little tomorrow can make up for a whole lot of yesterday.
Tears shed for another person are not a sign of weakness. They are a sign of a pure heart.
I have come to accept the feeling of not knowing where I am going. And I have trained myself to love it. Because it is only when we are suspended in mid-air with no landing in sight, that we force our wings to unravel and alas begin our flight. And as we fly, we still may not know where we are going to. But the miracle is in the unfolding of the wings. You may not know where you're going, but you know that so long as you spread your wings, the winds will carry you.
You can cut all the flowers but you cannot keep Spring from coming.
Anyway, I keep picturing all these little kids playing some game in this big field of rye and all. Thousands of little kids, and nobody's around - nobody big, I mean - except me. And I'm standing on the edge of some crazy cliff. What I have to do, I have to catch everybody if they start to go over the cliff - I mean if they're running and they don't look where they're going I have to come out from somewhere and catch them. That's all I do all day. I'd just be the catcher in the rye and all. I know it's crazy, but that's the only thing I'd really like to be.
In a time of destruction, create something.
Hope can be a powerful force. Maybe there's no actual magic in it, but when you know what you hope for most and hold it like a light within you, you can make things happen, almost like magic.
Time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time.
I wish it need not have happened in my time," said Frodo."So do I," said Gandalf, "and so do all who live to see such times. But that is not for them to decide. All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us.
There comes a time when the world gets quiet and the only thing left is your own heart. So you'd better learn the sound of it. Otherwise you'll never understand what it's saying.
Time flies like an arrow; fruit flies like a banana.
It has been said, 'time heals all wounds.' I do not agree. The wounds remain. In time, the mind, protecting its sanity, covers them with scar tissue and the pain lessens. But it is never gone.
Books have a unique way of stopping time in a particular moment and saying: Let’s not forget this.
It is the time you have wasted for your rose that makes your rose so important.
How did it get so late so soon?
Don’t waste your time in anger, regrets, worries, and grudges. Life is too short to be unhappy.
Don't waste your time with explanations: people only hear what they want to hear.
Yesterday is gone. Tomorrow has not yet come. We have only today. Let us begin.
For what it’s worth: it’s never too late or, in my case, too early to be whoever you want to be. There’s no time limit, stop whenever you want. You can change or stay the same, there are no rules to this thing. We can make the best or the worst of it. I hope you make the best of it. And I hope you see things that startle you. I hope you feel things you never felt before. I hope you meet people with a different point of view. I hope you live a life you’re proud of. If you find that you’re not, I hope you have the courage to start all over again.
You can have it all. Just not all at once.
Top 15 Things Money Can’t Buy Time. Happiness. Inner Peace. Integrity. Love. Character. Manners. Health. Respect. Morals. Trust. Patience. Class. Common sense. Dignity.
Don't spend time beating on a wall, hoping to transform it into a door.
Time is the longest distance between two places.
They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.
They say I'm old-fashioned, and live in the past, but sometimes I think progress progresses too fast!
They say time heals all wounds, but that presumes the source of the grief is finite
Time doesn’t heal emotional pain, you need to learn how to let go.
A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.
This is a new year. A new beginning. And things will change.
Scars have the strange power to remind us that our past is real.
Unfortunately, the clock is ticking, the hours are going by. The past increases, the future recedes. Possibilities decreasing, regrets mounting.
Here we are, trapped in the amber of the moment. There is no why.
Time is a created thing. To say 'I don't have time,' is like saying, 'I don't want to.
Time is an illusion
It's being here now that's important. There's no past and there's no future. Time is a very misleading thing. All there is ever, is the now. We can gain experience from the past, but we can't relive it; and we can hope for the future, but we don't know if there is one.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.
You can never be overdressed or overeducated.
You educate a man; you educate a man. You educate a woman; you educate a generation.
The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page.
I did then what I knew how to do. Now that I know better, I do better.
Whatever the cost of our libraries, the price is cheap compared to that of an ignorant nation.
Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence.
The past has no power over the present moment.
Children must be taught how to think, not what to think.
The best thing for being sad," replied Merlin, beginning to puff and blow, "is to learn something. That's the only thing that never fails. You may grow old and trembling in your anatomies, you may lie awake at night listening to the disorder of your veins, you may miss your only love, you may see the world about you devastated by evil lunatics, or know your honour trampled in the sewers of baser minds. There is only one thing for it then — to learn. Learn why the world wags and what wags it. That is the only thing which the mind can never exhaust, never alienate, never be tortured by, never fear or distrust, and never dream of regretting. Learning is the only thing for you. Look what a lot of things there are to learn.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop
The mind once enlightened cannot again become dark.
Education: the path from cocky ignorance to miserable uncertainty.
Only a generation of readers will spawn a generation of writers.
If you want to get laid, go to college. If you want an education, go to the library.
Intelligence plus character-that is the goal of true education.
Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all.
Marriage can wait, education cannot.
Ideally, what should be said to every child, repeatedly, throughout his or her school life is something like this: 'You are in the process of being indoctrinated. We have not yet evolved a system of education that is not a system of indoctrination. We are sorry, but it is the best we can do. What you are being taught here is an amalgam of current prejudice and the choices of this particular culture. The slightest look at history will show how impermanent these must be. You are being taught by people who have been able to accommodate themselves to a regime of thought laid down by their predecessors. It is a self-perpetuating system. Those of you who are more robust and individual than others will be encouraged to leave and find ways of educating yourself — educating your own judgements. Those that stay must remember, always, and all the time, that they are being moulded and patterned to fit into the narrow and particular needs of this particular society.
Do not train a child to learn by force or harshness; but direct them to it by what amuses their minds, so that you may be better able to discover with accuracy the peculiar bent of the genius of each.
I am not a teacher, but an awakener.
The mind is not a vessel to be filled, but a fire to be kindled.
The task of the modern educator is not to cut down jungles, but to irrigate deserts.
Ignoring isn’t the same as ignorance, you have to work at it.
A good head and good heart are always a formidable combination. But when you add to that a literate tongue or pen, then you have something very special.
Spoon feeding in the long run teaches us nothing but the shape of the spoon.
Education without values, as useful as it is, seems rather to make man a more clever devil.
I've never fooled anyone. I've let people fool themselves. They didn't bother to find out who and what I was. Instead they would invent a character for me. I wouldn't argue with them. They were obviously loving somebody I wasn't.
And once the storm is over, you won’t remember how you made it through, how you managed to survive. You won’t even be sure, whether the storm is really over. But one thing is certain. When you come out of the storm, you won’t be the same person who walked in. That’s what this storm’s all about.
Courage is the most important of all the virtues because without courage, you can't practice any other virtue consistently.
Attitude is a choice. Happiness is a choice. Optimism is a choice. Kindness is a choice. Giving is a choice. Respect is a choice. Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.
Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.
Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create.
Take responsibility of your own happiness, never put it in other people’s hands
We have to allow ourselves to be loved by the people who really love us, the people who really matter. Too much of the time, we are blinded by our own pursuits of people to love us, people that don't even matter, while all that time we waste and the people who do love us have to stand on the sidewalk and watch us beg in the streets! It's time to put an end to this. It's time for us to let ourselves be loved.
Be the reason someone smiles. Be the reason someone feels loved and believes in the goodness in people.
Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular.
No matter how much suffering you went through, you never wanted to let go of those memories.
Accept yourself, love yourself, and keep moving forward. If you want to fly, you have to give up what weighs you down.
Live the Life of Your Dreams: Be brave enough to live the life of your dreams according to your vision and purpose instead of the expectations and opinions of others.
The past is a place of reference, not a place of residence; the past is a place of learning, not a place of living.
‎Though nobody can go back and make a new beginning... Anyone can start over and make a new ending.
Make improvements, not excuses. Seek respect, not attention.
Be grateful for what you already have while you pursue your goals.
If you aren’t grateful for what you already have, what makes you think you would be happy with more.
Pursue what catches your heart, not what catches your eyes.
Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine.
Life is about accepting the challenges along the way, choosing to keep moving forward, and savoring the journey.
The only way that we can live, is if we grow. The only way that we can grow is if we change. The only way that we can change is if we learn. The only way we can learn is if we are exposed. And the only way that we can become exposed is if we throw ourselves out into the open. Do it. Throw yourself
Start each day with a positive thought and a grateful heart.
If there's a single lesson that life teaches us, it's that wishing doesn't make it so.
Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.
Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.
Even if you cannot change all the people around you, you can change the people you choose to be around. Life is too short to waste your time on people who don’t respect, appreciate, and value you. Spend your life with people who make you smile, laugh, and feel loved.
The trouble is if you don’t spend your life yourself, other people spend it for you.
You cannot control the behavior of others, but you can always choose how you respond to it.
I can't give you a sure-fire formula for success, but I can give you a formula for failure: try to please everybody all the time.
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. Then quit. No use being a damn fool about it.
Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value.
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation.
Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get
Letting go means to come to the realization that some people are a part of your history, but not a part of your destiny.
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.
Have no fear of perfection - you'll never reach it.
The worst part of success is trying to find someone who is happy for you.
Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm
Anyone whose goal is 'something higher' must expect someday to suffer vertigo. What is vertigo? Fear of falling? No, Vertigo is something other than fear of falling. It is the voice of the emptiness below us which tempts and lures us, it is the desire to fall, against which, terrified, we defend ourselves.
Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.
If A is a success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut
Don't spend time beating on a wall, hoping to transform it into a door.
It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. They went out and happened to things.
How would your life be different if…You stopped making negative judgmental assumptions about people you encounter? Let today be the day…You look for the good in everyone you meet and respect their journey.
No matter how old you are now. You are never too young or too old for success or going after what you want
Don't aim at success. The more you aim at it and make it a target, the more you are going to miss it. For success, like happiness, cannot be pursued; it must ensue, and it only does so as the unintended side effect of one's personal dedication to a cause greater than oneself or as the by-product of one's surrender to a person other than oneself. Happiness must happen, and the same holds for success: you have to let it happen by not caring about it. I want you to listen to what your conscience commands you to do and go on to carry it out to the best of your knowledge. Then you will live to see that in the long-run—in the long-run, I say!—success will follow you precisely because you had forgotten to think about it
Sometimes life knocks you on your ass... get up, get up, get up!!! Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.
All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence; then success is sure. 
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
Sometimes it takes a good fall to really know where you stand
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
Let the improvement of yourself keep you so busy that you have no time to criticize others.
I'm a success today because I had a friend who believed in me and I didn't have the heart to let him down.